hey guys I want to do a quick review on
the new microwave that I bought this is
my old one that I had for probably seven
or eight years and it's an emerson and a
couple days ago it just wouldn't
wouldn't turn on so it pretty much died
so I needed up buying another Emerson
that's pretty similar to it this is the
box of the new microwave I bought it's
one point one cubic foot and a thousand
watts and I bought this at Target for
$70 and yeol when I had I bought at
Target for I think was about $70 as well
so the old Emerson microwave I had I
never had any problems with until it
just died one thing I like about this
one is the door just pulls open like
that it's got the turntable inside some
of them Dewar ones I looked at you know
they have a button you have to push for
the door and I don't really like that
I'd rather just be able to you know pull
it open and it's also big enough that my
toaster oven I can set my toaster oven
on top of it which is nice makes my
toaster oven sit up nice and high and
it's easy for me to you know cook and
see into it that way so everything is
push-button on this it's you know just
settings for your power or your how long
you want to cook things you know it's
just it's pretty simple to figure out
even for someone like me and this one
even has a kitchen timer that you can
set you know start that's kind of Handy
and then when you know it beeps at the
end if you want to time something you're
cooking on the stove or in the regular
oven or whatever so it's kind of nice
like I said I really like my other
Emerson so if I like a certain brand
I'll usually buy another one so you know
I I recommend this microwave I you know
I think the Emerson microwaves are good
thanks for watching you guys talk to you
next time